Title: Publishing

----

Text: Publishing content

----

Background: 518138-abstract-cubes-minimalistic-shapes-simple-background.png

----

Overlay: 1

----

Headline: Publishing introductory information

----

Content: 

In the music industry, a music publisher (or publishing company)
is responsible for ensuring the songwriters and composers receive payment when their compositions
are used commercially. Through an agreement called a publishing contract, a songwriter or composer “assigns”
the copyright of their composition to
a publishing company. In return, the company licenses compositions, helps monitor where compositions are used, collects royalties and distributes them to the composers. They also secure commissions for music and promote existing compositions to recording artists, film and television.[1]
The copyrights owned and administered by publishing companies are one of
the most important forms of intellectual property in the music industry. (The other is the copyright on a master recording which is typically owned by a record company.) Publishing companies play a central role in managing this vital asset.

----

P-content: 

Wasted Talent Publishing was set up in 2017 as a boutique music publishing company administrated by Kobalt. We work with both domestic and international writers. (image: kobalt.png link: http://www.kobaltmusic.com/) 
<br>
**Haiyti a/k/a Robbery (GER)**

(image: imagegroup.jpg link: https://www.facebook.com/HaiytiakaRobbery/)

„Eine Pop-Revolution bahnt sich an: Die Sängerin Haiyti verwandelt Rap, Punk, Lyrik und Verzweiflung in einen furiosen Sound.“  -  DIE ZEIT

Born to a Croatian father and German mother and hailing from what she describes as the “somewhat ghetto” North of Hamburg, Haiyti’s take on the German Trap scene is equal parts hardcore gangster, art school cool and millennial with #allthefeels. The art school student’s tracks and music videos – usually shot with an iPhone aesthetic in unpretentious locations like laundromats or grocery store parking lots – balance calculated kitsch with unabashed catchiness. Against truly infectious and certified banger production, she embraces all the emblems of the glamorous rap lifestyle like cars, crews, swaggy clothes and cocky poses; yet she does it all with a near-slapstick nonchalance, leaning back clumsily, donning assorted dollar-store wigs and rapping against gloomy buildings that practically ooze with suburban boredom. Since 2016, she’s released six short albums and dropped over thirty music videos – take her beyond marketable trendiness. This artist is talented, ambitious and unafraid to experiment—which is what makes her so damn irresistible to listen to. 
(link: https://girlsareawesome.com/adidasoriginals/meet-haiyti-german-white-girl-mit-luger-giving-future-run-money/ text: Source )

Hamburg, Germany